Greetings to all Buddhist followers and
dear friends! In the Dhammapada, the
Buddha taught that mind leads all things; mind is the master; mind
creates. If one speaks or acts with a pure mind,
peace follows like a shadow that
never moves. The Buddha's birthday is a
momentous event of immense
sacred significance, expressing the gratitude and
joy of Buddhists towards the
birth of the Buddha. Therefore, if anyone
praises and cherishes the Buddha's birth
with a pure mind and is determined to
practice his teachings so that the Dharma may
spread, then the blessings will be immeasurably
great in this life and many future lives.
Towards the great Buddha's birthday celebration at 10 PM from
March 22nd to April 1st,
2013 (Year of the Rabbit), Buddhist followers in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club have vowed to join together in
singing and praising the Buddha,
Dharma, and Sangha. With the merit of praising the
Buddha's Dharma, participants can
dedicate their merits to transforming karmic suffering in
life such as illness, career setbacks,
loss of wealth, and obstacles in relationships.
Today is the seventh day of the program.
Now, we invite all Buddhists and
the people to join us in celebrating
Buddha's Birthday with the song "Tam Duong Golden Buddhist Dharma,"
beginning with the song commemorating the
birth of the Buddha. And now, the
program begins.
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
In the forest of Serenity, flowers
stand waiting, Going to the grave, the world of the Saha realm, the
beautiful grandchild has broken the vow, asking to
walk on the clouds. [
Music]
Pink lotus, you are happy and sad, one hand pointing to the sky, the other pointing to the vow, raising a
voice of authority. Heaven
above, earth below, I alone,
life of a child receiving money, joyful and
intoxicated.
[Music]
Ta [ __ ]
[Applause] On the
Full Moon of the Fourth Month, humanity and the heavens stand waiting, lips
pressed together,
winter already knows. [Music]
In the forest of dreams, clothed in [Music] Great Enlightenment, the world of the Saha realm.
[Music] All beings, the
Buddha.
[Music]
Taking seven steps,
Pink Lotus, the vow has nature, one hand pointing to the sky, the other pointing to the vow, Raising a voice of the poor, heaven,
galaxy, I alone.
On the Full Moon of the Fourth Month, that face rejoices, the great
families.
[Music]  [Music] The
Saha world, the
full moon of the fourth month, commemorating the waiting for
enlightenment on
the Path of Life
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [
Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [
Music] [
Laughter]
[Music] The
full moon of the fourth month, a
commemoration of waiting for
enlightenment, don't
demand
[Music]
Do you know who it is? The one who sees the Tathagata in
spring, we are none other than Master
Taiping
[Music] [
Music] [Music] [Music] [Music
] [
Music]
[Music]
[Music] Oh,
celestial beings, do you know who it is? The one who sees
the Tathagata in spring, we are none other than
Master Taiping
[Music]
For all sentient beings, let's
come here to sing and rejoice, revealing the
Buddha's teachings. We are
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
[Music] [
Music]
[Music] [Music]
[Music]
[Music]  [Music]
Where there is Six Harmonies, there is peace and joy. Where there is
autumn, the flowers bloom on the rabbit island, liberation, the
golden chrysanthemum club, the joyful club, practicing
Buddhist Dharma, Six Harmonies, the golden chrysanthemum club, the
joyful club, doing our duty together, the
golden chrysanthemum club, the joyful club,
together, Thu Trinh commune,
developing Bodhi mind, protecting the Three Jewels, transmitting
Buddhist teachings, singing the song
[Music] Golden
song, military, the color of liberation, the
golden chrysanthemum club, practicing
liberation, helping everyone, the
golden chrysanthemum club, the joyful club, practicing
long flower bridge, the golden chrysanthemum club, the
joyful club, the golden chrysanthemum club, An
Vuong club, the
golden chrysanthemum club, coming together, relatives
from practicing at Ba Vang Pagoda,
always together, we come to the
supreme path, always
together, thinking
to the supreme path
[Music]
Ladies and gentlemen, please give a big round of applause
to rejoice and praise the
extremely meaningful performances just now. My
performance has just concluded
today's program, thank you for your support.
Dear fellow devotees and
viewers,
please note that Buddhist followers
abroad who wish to sing along should
do so at the correct time in
Vietnam or according to the time in their country, but
within the time frame of 10 PM to 10:05 PM.
If you are busy and cannot participate in
singing at that time, you
can sing at other times of the day to
continue and increase your merits. We
invite all Buddhist followers and the public to continue
participating in the program at 10 PM tomorrow,
March 29th, 2023 (
March 18th, 2023), which will be broadcast live
on the
Pham Thi Yen fanpage,
specifically on April 2nd and 3rd, 2023. We
invite you
to come to Ba Vang Pagoda to participate in the Buddha's Birthday celebration.
And now, goodbye and see you again.
[Music]